[MIYAMURA]
I'm wiped. Let's turn in.
-[thuds]
-[IURA] Ah!
Stupid table,
where'd you come from?
[SENGOKU]
Keep it down, would you?
It's late!
[ISHIKAWA] I'm putting my stuff
over here, 'kay?
Kakeru has friends close enough
to invite for a sleepover?
Of course. Why wouldn't he?
Ay! Sengoku!
Can I have the loft? Please?
That's fine,
but I still need to tidy it up.
[IURA]
I don't mind a little mess!
It's a lot of mess,
not a little.
[IURA]
You really don't have to clean!
That many books
cannot be considered safe,
so I really do.
It's like a falling rock zone
up here.
-[grunts]
-No way!
Falling rock zones rule!
I love them!
[SENGOKU]
What is with you?
Fine.
I guess if you're okay with it,
I can be, too.
-[Sengoku sighs]
-Good grief.
Such a fuss.
The floor is plenty comfy.
[SENGOKU]
Compared to the loft?
Well,
somebody certainly thinks so.
Sawing logs
like a pro lumberjack.
No way!
The lights aren't even out!
You're going to need
to scoot down a little, dude.
[groaning]
It is rather cramped.
I'm sorry.
Nah, it's cool.
[Miyamura groans]
I'm too hot.
[ISHIKAWA]
Stop stripping, ya dingus!
If the shirt goes,
all your hard work
goes along with it!
Um, what?
Just tucking him in!
-Good night, guys!
-[Sengoku groans]
[switch clicks]
[SENGOKU]
See ya in the morning.
Sleep sounds so good.
Hm?
There's no space
for me to lie down.
None.
Hm...
[SENGOKU]
If Ishikawa goes here,
and Miyamura goes here...
[SENGOKU]
Um, Ishikawa--
He's asleep!
Hey. Wake up, Miyamura.
Please wake up.
[groans]
Hori, no.
Those are my organs.
[SENGOKU]
What on this twisted earth
are you dreaming?
-Huh?
-[IURA] Motoko! Wait.
That's--
Oh, it's just a goldfish.
[SENGOKU]
A goldfish?
And who's Motoko?
[groans]
[SENGOKU]
Now what?
Never have I been
more remorseful
for not keeping my room clean.
[KOZUE] Looks like
an actual pig sleeps in here.
Sheesh. Clean it up!
[SENGOKU]
Mom. You were right!
No! Wait! It's not messy!
My room's just small!
And it's filled wall-to-wall
with books!
Even Dad puts his books in here!
Of course
there's no space to sleep!
It's a miniature library!
[Miyamura startled]
Oops, sorry.
Oh. Iura. You okay?
I got to use the bathroom.
What about you? Not tired?
Uh...
Dude. Use your words!
We're the ones imposing
by crashing here!
I did try.
-But I felt kind of bad.
-[inhales]
All right, gents!
Wake up and fall in!
Ah! That's okay!
At ease, Sergeant!
♪
Oh, no.
The president has nowhere
to sleep in his own home?
You should've spoken up
way sooner.
I'm sorry.
I'll shove the sleeping dead
to the TV,
then I'll scooch
a little closer to the wall,
and bada-bing, bada-boom,
problem solved.
[ISHIKAWA]
Sengoku,
can you cut yourself in half
by chance?
-[SENGOKU] No.
-I know,
why don't you and Miyamura
go sleep in the loft
instead of me?
Then I can move down here.
That won't work.
Two people aren't going to fit
up there!
The two of you will.
You guys are each a half.
Two halves make a whole!
[SENGOKU]
Damn, I hate that logic,
but we have no choice.
We're going up, Miyamura!
[MIYAMURA]
I'm sorry.
Forgive me, Kyosuke.
-But I'm going home today.
-Come on!
-[thuds]
-[panting]
[sighs]
[SENGOKU]
There is enough room
for both of us up here.
But I don't like it.
Mm?
[ISHIKAWA]
Stop stripping, ya dingus!
[MIYAMURA]
[sighs] Screw the pool.
Oh, I'll go change over there!
Remi accidentally sprayed
Miyamura with the hose
the other day.
What's weird is he insisted
on wearing his soggy uniform.
[gulps]
[AYASAKI]
I wonder why.
I left my cell! Whoopsie!
-[gasps]
-[IURA] I'll grab it real quick
and leave you be...
Uh. I just remembered.
I snapped my phone in two parts,
then crushed it to powder
and washed it all
down the drain.
-That's right.
-Wait, wait, wait, wait!
It's not what you're thinking!
Please. Don't pay me any mind.
No matter what you do,
you'll always be Sengoku to me.
Well, of course, I mind
an interpretation like that!
You misread everything!
Stop running away
and let me explain!
[IURA]
I've seen all I need to see,
and have drawn my conclusion.
Save your breath.
I won't be swayed.
[SENGOKU]
It's not good to be so stubborn!
[IURA] I have the utmost respect
for you, Sengoku.
So I do want to hear you out.
But it's just, well, um...
Use your words, Iura!
But first, listen!
The only goal
I was trying to accomplish
was stripping him,
which I have my reasons for!
That's all I wanted, I swear!
So your only goal
was stripping him?
Uh...
I have the utmost respect
for you.
[SENGOKU]
No! I made it worse!
Okay, let me try again!
I did want
to take his shirt off, but--
Wait! Don't silently retreat!
[ISHIKAWA]
Homeboy's suspicious.
The Prez doesn't miss much.
[gasps]
[ISHIKAWA]
Yo, Sengoku.
I just realized
you can sleep down here.
We've already established
there isn't enough room
for three!
Sure, now.
But that'd change
if we move the table.
We can just stand it
on its side.
Shove all those books
in a corner somewhere.
[SENGOKU] How did that solution
not occur to me?
So much time was wasted.
-[ISHIKAWA] You said it.
-[groans]
-[birds chirping]
-[clock beeps]
-[groans]
-[Iura chuckles]
[gasps] What happened?
-It's too early for, um...
-[Iura groaning]
-[groaning]
-Shu was laughing in his sleep,
and it freaked me the hell out,
so I hit him.
[IURA]
I was laughing in my sleep,
and he's a freak, so he hit me.
[SENGOKU] Those don't sound
like pleasant ways to wake up.
Nope! But good morning anyway.
Good morning to you, too.
Yes. Good morning.
I feel like
I didn't get much sleep.
Miyamura?
-Seize the day!
-[rails sliding]
Or keep snoozing.
Man, that guy can sleep.
On our days off from school,
he'll cop Z's
until it gets dark out.
That's excessive.
[gasps]
I volunteer to wake him up!
[sighs]
[SENGOKU]
Don't look at me like that!
All I intend to do
is get him out of bed!
I volunteer, too!
-Miyamura wake-up squad go!
-It doesn't require a squad!
[IURA]
Too late! I'm going!
[ISHIKAWA]
Hold up, Shu! I'll do it!
Get back down here!
[SENGOKU]
It's my loft! I should do it!
-[Iura laughs]
-[groans]
-Stop, guys.
-Get off him, Iura!
Why? He's still breathing, guys!
Um... Good morning to you,
Miyamura.
Yeah. What he said.
Morning.
[wincing]
[MIYAMURA]
It's morning?
[IURA]
It is.
[MIYAMURA] Why are all of you
here, watching me sleep?
That is so beside the point!
Bro! Can't you see
you're in danger?
What danger?
Hey. Let's swap.
I'll lead the wake-up squad.
But if we try
to trade positions,
we might crush him for real.
Shu! Keep your butt planted
right where it is!
Sengoku's acting
like he might pull something,
if you know what I mean!
[Miyamura gasps]
-[whimpering]
-I absolutely will not!
Point that judgy stare
somewhere else!
[MIYAMURA]
I trust you, Mister President.
[SENGOKU] Yeah right!
Why are you stuttering, then?
[MIYAMURA] It's too early
for this much excitement.
It's your wake-up call, sleepy.
[MIYAMURA]
More like an ambush.
And I need a bathroom.
[IURA]
Back it up, Ishikawa.
Beep, beep, beep.
[ISHIKAWA] And give the Prez
an opening to get to Miyamura?
I don't think so!
[MIYAMURA]
It's a risk I'm willing to take,
so please let me through!
[ISHIKAWA]
I warned you.
[IURA] It's a long wait,
can you hold it?
Yes, thanks
to 18 years of experience.
[door clicks]
So, why're you gunning
for Miyamura all of a sudden?
Watch how you phrase things,
please!
For the record,
I was just doing my job
as a class representative, okay?
Since when is it
a class rep's job
to undress other people
in their sleep?
[SENGOKU]
It's not, but please.
Please tell me
why he hides his skin
and sate my curiosity.
[groans]
[SENGOKU]
I don't understand.
You really want to know?
I'll tell you.
[gulps]
[door clicks]
[sighs]
It's a bit of a hike to get
to your restroom, Mister Pre--
-[IURA, SENGOKU] Hm...
-[door clicks]
What? What's wrong?
Who died?
-Nobody.
-Huh?
I just majorly covered for you.
Is that right?
[SENGOKU]
He can shoot a bazooka?
-[IURA] Out of his solar plexus.
-Yeah, uh...
What did you "cover"?
They're talking about a bazooka.
[ISHIKAWA]
You know, that thing you have.
♪
Even when Remi soaked him
with water,
he refused to shed his uniform.
Who? Miyamura?
Who else would I mean?
[ISHIKAWA]
That came out of left field,
so I wasn't sure.
But, yeah. It's a mystery.
Hm... A mystery
you've already solved, perhaps?
Negatory!
[Sengoku groans]
-[door sliding]
-[MIYAMURA] Brr, it's cold!
Hey, Prez.
Lemme warm up in here.
Oh. What's going on, Ishikawa?
'Sup? Like a Miyamura-moth
to the flame, here you are.
[MIYAMURA]
What? There's no fire.
Come right on in!
[MIYAMURA] You're
a little too happy to see me.
Miyamura. Aren't you hot?
I told you I came
'cause I'm cold.
[SENGOKU] You'll heat up
pretty quick, though.
See how Ishikawa ditched
his blazer?
That's how toasty he is.
[ISHIKAWA]
Dude. How obvious can you be?
He got that warm?
Maybe I'll ditch it
a little later.
[SENGOKU]
Blast!
Have I ever seen you
in a school sweater before?
I don't own one.
It'd look nice.
Snug in all the right spots.
Hey, why don't you try mine on
and see if you like
how it fits you?
[MIYAMURA]
You're scaring me.
[SENGOKU]
Here.
[MIYAMURA]
Ooh! Feels legit!
[laughs]
[SENGOKU]
My plan actually worked!
At last,
he'll change his clothes
and I'll see
what he's been hiding!
[ISHIKAWA]
Miyamura said his tattoos show
through a white button-down.
He's totally caught
onto Sengoku's scheme,
and is just going to--
You've got to be kidding.
[SENGOKU]
Yes. Take off your sweater!
[ISHIKAWA]
No! He's going to find out!
-[thuds]
-[Ishikawa grunts]
-[Ishikawa groaning]
-Huh?
Are you all right? Ah!
♪
[SENGOKU]
Curses!
Wow, it's so warm!
And the material
for these things is top-notch!
How do I look, huh? Tell me!
-[SENGOKU] You look great!
-Hm.
[sighing]
I really thought
today would be the day.
What day?
I'm just going to come right out
and ask.
Why are you so against removing
your clothes?
'Cause I'm rational.
[SENGOKU] I'm not suggesting
you prance around stark naked!
I meant when you change
for PE and stuff!
What's this?
Is the president obsessed
with me?
As if! I just really, really
want to know!
[MIYAMURA]
Why is that?
[SENGOKU] That should go
without saying, shouldn't it?
Because it's clearly not
normal behavior.
[MIYAMURA]
And why is that?
[SENGOKU]
Calm down, Miyamura!
[yelling] The class president's
bullying me!
Ah! You still have my sweater!
Give it back!
That's a school sweater
you have on right now.
[Miyamura panting]
[HORI]
Why'd you sprint here, dummy?
Oh. Welcome home, son.
Is that a new sweater
you're wearing?
[SENGOKU]
[panting] He got away.
[breathes deeply]
Let's go!
-Before we turn into ice!
-[student 206B giggles]
-Hey. Thanks for waiting.
-Ah.
Hm?
-[AYASAKI] Shall we?
-[SENGOKU] Yeah.
♪
[shivers]
[AYASAKI] It's freezing.
This recent snow made me realize
spring is still far away.
I'm sorry
you have to wear a skirt.
[AYASAKI]
So cold.
[breathes]
[AYASAKI]
Hand? Hand!
Huh?
Here.
[gasps]
Yes, Remi. You're very cold!
Nuh-uh. Remi's warm.
[SENGOKU]
But I'm cold.
You took the cold from me,
and now I'm warm as I can be!
Is that a fact?
Hand.
[SENGOKU]
Yeah, yeah.
Hm...
Uh...
[breathes]
Hm?
Hold my hand, silly!
[SENGOKU]
She's angry?
[yawns]
[giggles]
Walk properly, please.
[SENGOKU]
She feels warm.
♪
Sengoku. You warming up?
[SENGOKU]
Mm-hm.
Then I guess
that only makes one of us.
Remi's hand is still ice cold.
Because yours are bony enough
to be a skeleton's.
[SENGOKU]
Oh.
You want to let go?
[AYASAKI]
Not at all!
Remi's hands
aren't perfect either.
They're tiny!
[SENGOKU]
They're fine.
Do you feel like
going somewhere, or...
Hm...
Nah.
You picked up the pace.
[SENGOKU] Because
I wasn't paying attention.
[AYASAKI]
Then pay attention.
[SENGOKU]
Right.
[AYASAKI]
Remi wants to walk slower.
[SENGOKU]
Any slower, and we would--
Ah! Stop.
[AYASAKI]
Ah...
You're almost home.
Went from freezing cold
to just freezing in place.
What's going on?
Hug.
[gasps]
[Sengoku grunts]
[sighs]
Never mind.
[AYASAKI]
Hug?
Hm?
-Okay.
-[gasps]
[grunts]
Yay! Hug!
[SENGOKU]
Let me have my arms back
for a minute, Remi.
Ah.
[gasps]
Much better.
[AYASAKI]
Kiss.
No. We're on the street.
I understand.
[SENGOKU]
Good.
[KONO]
Hey, we better get going.
The library's going to close
in five.
[gasps] You're right!
Oh, man.
Remi's head feels
like it's going to explode.
You did use it a lot today.
And you're sure
you don't want me
to go over your math homework?
[AYASAKI]
Positive.
I can do that assignment
by myself!
Think so?
-[AYASAKI] Yep!
-Mm-hm.
[AYASAKI]
Let's go, Sakura.
[zipper rustling]
[KONO]
Sengoku.
Would you like
to walk home together?
-[chair sliding]
-[SENGOKU] Sure.
[KONO]
Got everything?
Yeah, I'm good.
Huh...
[SENGOKU]
You look ready for a blizzard.
[KONO]
Because I'm "coldhearted"?
[SENGOKU]
I didn't say that.
Hori, what you looking at?
Huh? Where's Remi?
[HORI]
Don't know.
[YOSHIKAWA] It's pretty unusual
to see those two by themselves.
[HORI]
Yeah.
I was thinking the same thing.
[HORI, YOSHIKAWA]
Hm?
Well, whatever.
It's not like
I spend every waking second
-with my boyfriend.
-Yeah, exactly!
Hey! Real quick question
for you ladies!
Have you seen Sengoku or Sakura?
Huh?
[AYASAKI]
They were here a minute ago,
but then Remi went
to the bathroom.
And now they're gone!
Huh. Hm...
You ready for a storm?
The one in my heart.
-Well! You're in luck, because--
-[grunts]
[YOSHIKAWA]
Ouch! What was that for?
[HORI]
Take a guess!
[YOSHIKAWA]
It's fine!
We both agreed it was fine!
[HORI]
It is, but hush!
[Yoshikawa, Hori grunting]
[YOSHIKAWA]
I would if it was like that,
-but it's not!
-Huh? Like what?
You aren't hiding something,
right?
No! What would we have to hide?
Hori.
They could've stopped
in the student council room.
I'll try giving them a call.
-[gasps and screams]
-[yelps] Everything okay?
[HORI] Do you see that
over on the window
straight across from us?
There's a giant,
really weird-looking bug
just chilling out!
[AYASAKI]
I want to see the giant bug!
-[HORI] Look! Dead ahead!
-[YOSHIKAWA] Leave it to Hori
to worry about a problem
that doesn't exist.
[EMPLOYEE 206A]
Hey, boss!
Is the ice cream machine
fixed yet?
-[SENGOKU] Here okay?
-[KONO] Sure.
Huh...
How much trash
did you throw away?
Got distracted by the president.
He's here with Kono.
Mm.
[ISHIKAWA]
What caught me off guard
is Ayasaki's MIA.
And the bag
that Kono had with her
looked like it might be a gift.
-[drink splashes]
-[ISHIKAWA] Dude!
You spilled everywhere!
Then he's cheating?
[ISHIKAWA]
Don't jump to conclusions!
Oh! Ayasaki's
on the market again now!
It's my chance!
I repeat,
don't jump to conclusions.
And why am I
the one cleaning your mess?
You do it!
Iura. Yep.
Knew that loud voice was yours.
[screams]
I wasn't having shady thoughts!
[SENGOKU]
Huh?
Noticed you're sans Ayasaki
for today, huh?
Yes, for today.
I'm not sure
how to interpret that response.
Don't tell her that I was here.
Oh-ho! What exactly
will happen if I do?
Shu, shut the hell up.
Huh?
Do not tell her I was here.
[IURA] My bad,
I'll take it to the grave.
What was that?
-[KONO] See you later.
-Bye. Till tomorrow.
[chuckles]
Aw, please don't ask
the impossible of me, Sakura.
I've never scored
above a 40 in math ever,
so it's a no-go.
Just 60 points.
No...
Hm...
Score at least 60,
and we'll visit
that chocolate shop you like.
-[gasps] The premium cookies?
-[KONO] We can get--
[KONO]
Mm-hm. Yeah, those ones.
[gasps]
Heh! Nice try.
But Remi isn't motivated
by material things.
[KONO]
Well, good luck anyway.
♪
Right. Next here, we have...
[SENGOKU]
Nice job.
You finally scored higher
than a 40 on a test!
[Ayasaki sighs]
Remi said that she isn't
motivated by material things.
[SENGOKU]
Huh?
Hm...
[KONO]
Good morning.
Uh. Ah! Sakura!
Why'd you leave
without me yesterday?
Where did you go?
[KONO]
Sorry about that.
I was getting a little...
sweet treat.
[gasps] The cookies? How come?
Remi got less
than a 60 on the mock exam.
Which is irrelevant.
I was just in that area
and decided to treat myself.
♪
[KONO]
Wow, you were right.
These are good!
[gasps] Wait a second!
Remi wants some, too, please!
[KONO]
Go right ahead.
[KONO] I bake my own cookies
every once in a while,
but it's hard to pass up
a nice shop like that.
[munching]
Thanks, Sakura.
You're awesome.
Hm? You say something?
Mm! Sure didn't!
[KONO]
Oh, okay.
[AYASAKI] Oh! We should save
some cookies for Sengoku!
[KONO]
No, we shouldn't.
"Remi would have that much less
if I ate any cookies."
-[Ayasaki, Kono laugh]
-I'm sorry.
It was like
you were the real Sengoku!
[Ayasaki, Kono laugh]
Don't praise her!
I'm not like that!
You're doing a crap job
of staying hidden, buddy.
[SENGOKU]
Damn you, Sakura!
[ISHIKAWA]
Aw. There, there, there.